simple_games/toothpick_takeaway/README.md, before:

# Toothpick Takeaway

A simple two-player game about removing toothpicks from a table.

## Rules

1. The game begins with `n` toothpicks on the board.
2. Players take turns removing a number of toothpicks from the pile.
   - Players may only take between 1 and the bounds (default 2) toothpicks.
3. The game ends when no toothpicks are left on the table.

## Visual Example

10 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 2 toothpicks.

8 toothpicks remaining, Player 2 draws 2 toothpicks.

6 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 1 toothpicks.

5 toothpicks remaining, Player 2 draws 2 toothpicks.

4 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 1 toothpicks.

3 toothpicks remaining, Player 2 draws 1 toothpicks.

2 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 2 toothpicks.

0 toothpicks remaining. Player 1 wins.

## Implementation

### The Board

The board's `initial_state` field is the number of toothpicks to place on the table.

The board's `state` field represents how many toothpicks are remaining on the table.

The board's `bounds` is the maximum number of toothpicks a player may take on his/her turn.

### A Move

A `move` in the game is defined as a number representing how many toothpicks the player will take.

### The Strategies

Currently, only a random-choice strategy is defined.

#### Random

This strategy simply chooses a random number of toothpicks between 0 and the board's `bounds`.

#### Smart

This strategy should pull data from previous games (within the strategy's `data` field) to determine an optimal move at every possible game state.

### Checking Legality

A move is legal if and only if it matches the following conditions:

1. The move is a number.
2. The move is greater than 0.
3. The move is less than either the board's `bounds` or the number of toothpicks left on the board, whichever is smaller.

### Determining End-Game States

The game has reached an end-game state if and only if the board's `state` is equal to 0.
That is, if and only if there are no toothpicks left on the table.

### Updating the Board

The board's `data` serves as a move history log.
This history is indexed by the current board state, which is an integer.
The values at these indices are tuples in the form `(player name, move made)`.
The board's `state` field is updated by subtracting the number of toothpicks taken from the board state.

Commit message:

docs: Updated the documentation
Update the repository README file to reflect more of the current project progress. Also update each games readme to inclulde explicit examples of illegal moves. Finally add the beginning of section 7 in the overview notebook which reviews what Dr. Penland had mentioned to us in our last meeting/further described in an email.

These updates should be beneficial and help keep everyone on the same page as far as collaboration is concerned.

simple_games/toothpick_takeaway/README.md, after:

# Toothpick Takeaway

A simple two-player game about removing toothpicks from a table.

## Rules

1. The game begins with `n` toothpicks on the board.
2. Players take turns removing a number of toothpicks from the pile.
   - Players may only take between 1 and the bounds (default 2) toothpicks.
3. The game ends when no toothpicks are left on the table.

## Visual Example

10 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 2 toothpicks.

8 toothpicks remaining, Player 2 draws 2 toothpicks.

6 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 1 toothpicks.

5 toothpicks remaining, Player 2 draws 2 toothpicks.

4 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 1 toothpicks.

3 toothpicks remaining, Player 2 draws 1 toothpicks.

2 toothpicks remaining, Player 1 draws 2 toothpicks.

0 toothpicks remaining. Player 1 wins.

## Implementation

### The Board

The board's `initial_state` field is the number of toothpicks to place on the table.

The board's `state` field represents how many toothpicks are remaining on the table.

The board's `bounds` is the maximum number of toothpicks a player may take on his/her turn.

### A Move

A `move` in the game is defined as a number representing how many toothpicks the player will take.

### The Strategies

Currently, only a random-choice strategy is defined.

#### Random

This strategy simply chooses a random number of toothpicks between 0 and the board's `bounds`.

#### Smart

This strategy should pull data from previous games (within the strategy's `data` field) to determine an optimal move at every possible game state.

### Checking Legality

A move is legal if and only if it matches the following conditions:

1. The move is a number.
2. The move is greater than 0.
3. The move is less than either the board's `bounds` or the number of toothpicks left on the board, whichever is smaller.

### Examples of Illegal Moves

- 3 toothpicks left, player 2 tries to take 3 toothpicks
- 3 toothpicks left, player 2 tries to take 4 toothpicks
- 3 toothpicks left, player 1 tries to take -1 toothpicks
- player tries to take 0 toothpicks, this violates rule 2

### Determining End-Game States

The game has reached an end-game state if and only if the board's `state` is equal to 0.
That is, if and only if there are no toothpicks left on the table.

### Updating the Board

The board's `data` serves as a move history log.
This history is indexed by the current board state, which is an integer.
The values at these indices are tuples in the form `(player name, move made)`.
The board's `state` field is updated by subtracting the number of toothpicks taken from the board state.
