README.md, before:

# Two-Player Games

Faculty Advisor: Dr. Andrew Penland

Authors: Nicholas O'Kelley, Daniel Hammer, Andrew Shelton

## Introduction

The first kind of two-player games we will consider work like this:

1. There are two players
2. The players alternate turns
3. Both players have the same set of legal moves
4. A player loses if they can not make a move

Chess violates Rule 3: I can not move your pieces, so I don't have the same moves as you.

Two-player graph coloring violates Rule 4. If the second player has no legal moves available, they still win (as long as the graph is not colored).

Nevertheless, this class of games makes a good starting point for our analysis.

## Project Structure

- jupyter_notes -- holds most of our notes on research and meetings
- simple_games
  - generic_class -- holds the generic classes needed for a new game
  - toothpick_takeaway -- first game worked on
  - unbalanced_rook -- second game worked
  - Overview.ipynb -- An overview of the project and the current progress being made.

## Current Game Focus

Currently working to produce either a generic csv writer for any game or at minimum one for
each game that way we can collect the data and begin to parse through looking for any patterns that
might be occurring.

## Contribution Standards

In order to have a uniform code commit process, we will follow the idea of
semantic commits.

The article [here](https://gist.github.com/joshbuchea/6f47e86d2510bce28f8e7f42ae84c716).

Commit message:

docs: Update readme to include sections and a little more refined introduction.

README.md, after:

# Two-Player Games

Faculty Advisor: Dr. Andrew Penland

Authors: Nicholas O'Kelley, Daniel Hammer, Andrew Shelton

## Introduction

Our current goal is to continue exploring evolutionary game theory on Two Player Games. We are currently
working to make our current game code comply with Graph coloring games under the slightly revised rules in the [section two](#Section-Two) of this readme. A more detailed
write up of our current progress can be found in the simple_games directory in the Jupyter Notebook called Overview.

## Section One: Generic Two Player Games

The first kind of two-player games we will consider work like this:

1. There are two players
2. The players alternate turns
3. Both players have the same set of legal moves
4. A player loses if they can not make a move

Chess violates Rule 3: I can not move your pieces, so I don't have the same moves as you.

Two-player graph coloring violates Rule 4. If the second player has no legal moves available, they still win (as long as the graph is not colored).

Nevertheless, this class of games makes a good starting point for our analysis.

## Section Two: Two Player Graph Coloring

In a return to the Graph coloring problem we have begun to implement the game following our current game structure and rule definitions. There was one issue: CGC failed to meet all
the rules. In our meeting on February 19th 2021, we decided to have our prior rule definitions be the summary of our focus for the Fall semester and the Spring focus on a slightly modified
rule structure. The rules are as follows:

1. There are two players
2. The players alternate turns
3. Both players have the same set of legal moves
4. If either player can't move, player 2 wins.

This new rule set allows for th CPG to be added for analysis since there is a win condition for a stalemate.

## Project Structure

- jupyter_notes -- holds most of our notes on research and meetings
- simple_games
  - generic_class -- holds the generic classes needed for a new game
  - toothpick_takeaway -- first game worked on
  - unbalanced_rook -- second game worked
  - Overview.ipynb -- An overview of the project and the current progress being made.

## Current Game Focus

Currently working to produce either a generic csv writer for any game or at minimum one for
each game that way we can collect the data and begin to parse through looking for any patterns that
might be occurring.

## Contribution Standards

In order to have a uniform code commit process, we will follow the idea of
semantic commits.

The article [here](https://gist.github.com/joshbuchea/6f47e86d2510bce28f8e7f42ae84c716).
