## 2/12/2021

Updates since previous meeting:
- each game has a notebook in the directory explaining how to implement runa nd collect data on a game.
- The README files contain what the game is, an example game, definitions of the board, moveset, etc.
- There is an overview notebook containing our process and some findings of last semester's research which can be used to create a final writup of the research or added onto for research with unbalanced rook
- 

Ideas/Notes: 
- For the check functions (to see when game is finished0 include an example of a legal and illegal move, along with what makes the game end. This will make it easier to write unit tests.
- Students dont often see the importance of abstraction, as it can complicate things for some students
    - But fighting through the difficult abstracting tasks will make future pieces fit together easier and make them easier to understand.
    - Advice: the difference in understand how to abstract can cause conflict in ideas and methods, which is not inherently bad but may cause some frustration
- all function in the code should include data types for parameters and returns in the docstrings, along w examples if necessary.

Requests:
- Keep a record of signifcant challenges and how we solved them for refrence in the future
    - include anything significant, but the problem should not be that person A wrote bad code
    - even something as simple as miscommunication should be included and how we resolve the issue.
    - i.e problem: the definition of abstraction from the view of cs and math.
    - solution: clearly define what abstraction means in this situation and how far to take it.

Weeks goals:
- Submit the abstract, make sure that we are underpromising on it. better to say less and give more.
- csv writer by next meeting 2/19/21. attempt to make a generic one
    - may be better to create a csv writer for each game because different pieces of each move is needed. 
- Penland should email by tuesday 2/16/21 about how to generate the population of players.


more on csv writer:
- the csv can be set up with keys/columns being the state of the game(in toothpick takeaway # of toothpick left), with the contents being a tuple of the (player,move)
- may be better to split up the tuple into two columns.
- if we are to abstract the csv writer we may loe out on easy access to information, as each game is different and may have a different complexity in their moveset.
- should be fine with whatever we decide to do should get us through the MAA confrence but we ma come back to change it later.
    - implement in a way that makes sense to students, Penland may change it later

Other:
- Could look at TPT as binary representation (*i dont really understand what this means but im gonna pretend like i do*)
- 
